Doc 7238 documentation for magma (#2309)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/manage/pages/manage-buckets/bucket-management-overview.adoc

This section provides the basic procedures for bucket-management.

For a complete conceptual and architectural overview of Couchbase buckets, see xref:learn:buckets-memory-and-storage/buckets.adoc[Buckets].

> Couchbase offers an two different backend storage mechanisms for storing the underlying data in buckets: `CouchStore` and `Magma`. For an overview of the backend storage mechanisms, see xref:learn:buckets-memory-and-storage/backend-storage.adoc[]

Reviewer: [Ventilated prose](https://docs.couchbase.com/home/contribute/pages.html#ventilate)

```suggestion
Couchbase offers an two different backend storage mechanisms for storing the underlying data in buckets: `CouchStore` and `Magma`.
For an overview of the backend storage mechanisms, see xref:learn:buckets-memory-and-storage/backend-storage.adoc[]
```

This section provides the basic procedures for bucket-management.

For a complete conceptual and architectural overview of Couchbase buckets, see xref:learn:buckets-memory-and-storage/buckets.adoc[Buckets].

> Couchbase offers an two different backend storage mechanisms for storing the underlying data in buckets: `Couchstore` and `Magma`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Couchbase offers two different storage engines for storing the underlying data in buckets: `Couchstore` and `Magma`. 
```
